i
we are still knowing here the
members of the musical band dolphins
from xalapa we met Pablo a
So I like to talk with you then it is
I 'm proud to be here with all of you
we know that they have been in many places
but for you that represents being in
is in this band for me represents a
I'm proud to feel part of
not only from veracruz but from my country
do things well and put well in
high the name of mexico for me that
it means to be here in places you've
visited me I had to travel to
germany I was in pasadena california and
right now in nuevayork instrument tocas
this percussion before I played snr but
now I play multi tenor is easy is
instrument we see known you are
dedicated to this band because it is not easy
it requires a mental effort
as a physical but we like it and that's
what keeps us following him how many
You've been in the band for years and I'm going to meet
44 years old
in other schools you have here to support
you were here at this school I was
studying here in the general
5 many congratulations tourist next
events they have at the door
now on February 2 we will go to
say plan populates to a meeting of
bands
with andalusia we are in another section
here of the dolphins music band
tell me here how many members are
We are approximately
about 40 a little more and right now
two new ones have arrived and this
generation if it comes very big that
consists of hours and practices that
they are doing is all right now
we are in this part because
we are teaching them the new ones finish
of entering have less than a month then of
the part because they are there are
rehearsing and they have more time not
for a trip that we're going to do the
discipline
your position within this section is
college then from here on all
We contribute in supporting all not
we have someone specific good they are
that is Ivan ya and berta that are the
Heads of elections, but in you we
we are as support how old
You've been in the band here for a year and
half what do you think is inside this
band that is recognized nationally
and international
because the truth is like a good part that
I put it as a hobby, it 's like a
proud not to be here and be part of and
put the time that I'm here the
truth has come out really enjoy the
foreigner with the band
if in July we go to the world of bands
in holland and it worked then yes
quite
Hello